[Music]
I've compiled a little bit of stuff here, give your
opinion on this topic for Pinares de de mano
to tell you more than anything that was happening here,
opinion, times are coming,
Emanuel, thank you so much from Manuel, I
send you a hug, Nar, will you remind me
all that you can become a member, that it is
appreciated that you become a member like
Giacomo, 2,600 members, we have a
battle, he's leaving, welcome, we have a battle
with Mr. Hería, we have a
battle with Mr. Hería, let's see which
channel has the most members,
Javi el Canijo, hotels to the CEO, watch out, that
can, that can define
my future, it's my future, my future jobs, you can't, you can't
define it
perfectly, if I see that here, with the number of
years that we've been doing it, it's the PSE
milestone
and we don't move from 2,500 to 3,000 members,
and now the Lordship arrives and they pretend that I
tell you, six thousand members is going to
give me something to think about, if I stay
calm,
commenting only on the
piggy banks, it's one of the famous ones,
I'm very calm, I'm very calm,
well, let's see, it's also good to remember
that  we put live their dances it's not
my phone number don't freak out calling
my team but
if you want this we put it for the
lordship that's why she is very tender and some did
n't know how to do their perch and I didn't know it's
good to see things from that professor ti
that thank you very much and they had asked me to
put the visa and I said well
these I'm going to put seen as he already
checked me and of course we have created a virus
for that okay nice thank you very much
now then there will be ladies who don't know
either nation and the bice one either and he
will want to send me the money like come over
because that's how I give it to you not like your
grandmother not from your grandmother to you having
money there is like she was giving drugs
contraband so that your cousin doesn't
find out I know that I had given you five euros well
not like that
congratulations professor ticket finally
you have had whites and well to have
said it
I'm going to put hot because it
faces his forehead
[Music]
but I'm going to start by
starting with what today
is that the haters of dallas dallas has
one thing a lot of people love and the
passion for
dallas and  a lot of other people hate it
but not in the way that
for example I can watch youtubers I'm a
youtuber and personalities not from the internet from
TV which is what I find funniest
that I like more that I like less but it
kind of happened no but when I turn off the
tv or the computer my life is different my
life is different and the truth is I don't give a damn no no no
but the people who love dallas
love it they adore it they have a skirt that
adores it okay a lot of people and the people who
hate it are super sick for dallas
super sick
or rather another level another level there is a
group of people that we are not going to pay attention to
because it has been a long time since we
paid attention to it but they send me things they
send us things and I say yes this group of
people a group of people who had
problems with dallas in the past a
group of people who are not supposed to not
want to stay the dimensions that I
slept with no and they don't stop every day because they
send it to me no because I am in I don't have
time I have to make time to
shower and to brush my teeth
the national team won over super old people
from dallas' past that  they have had
super fights with dallas and then when
dallas responds they act like harassers I don't know
how much but it's that jce sends me things
that not even several already they comment on each and
every one of dallas's moves if
dallas creates a platform if dallas
expanded with juan guarnizo and canario or
rather each and every one of the moves you comment on them
how you are up to date on everything
and not only that you are up to date with
everyone young people thank you very much king
welcome not only that you are up to
date on everything been when you comment on
twitter and in public because you are
looking for attention because if you are
sick and you comment in private well in
your group of your little group of jokes no no
but it is put to this day still you
put yourself and as if we were
2015-2016 like everyone get over it already get over it
no longer
and apart from that there are the haters man
people on the internet because really you
say well maybe an ex an ex
friend I know who passes the hand has a
grudge holds a grudge because they have
hurt each other  mutually well
things in life can happen no but
the people on the internet, me who have
Dallas as I hate to lean personal
and really to them I freak out I freak
out today I made a video
answering the je half I have not done it and I
recorded it there at 2 in the morning
I found the video on youtube I
tell them I'm going to make a video answering
the issues because it's that without a script or
anything I had the ball for dad dad make a
good video you're going to love the video how it
turned out mel has edited success [ __ ] let's
make a success I decided that that success
is going to be that the
kids and Rick are going to edit me the lordships by the
styles by the styles
well success is like very lively and I think
that the lordship doesn't want that but
well if you see going to a video that in
truth
the video was me answering the issues
because of the Salcedo channels that by the
way I am being answered and now we are going to
react to what Dallas answered
this morning it
was like something superficial like in
the background in this in this video
at least for me  and so dallas
responds and we react to the response
of whatever because they will be the
protagonists dallas and emita okay but
in my case I am savioli beira if I
make a video
if I make a video on my channel to he
is responding to me I am
responding for me that I mentioned what he
said to dallas so superficially he
mentioned it okay but the haters
both in this
this video that is not about dallas it is a
video me responding to the emita like if
you can like it more or less we like it
but taking the characters to another level
totally well the haters putting
this type of things on me they usually do it to me
every time there is a topic of giving it to me I have
gotten used to it has not happened I looked at
the comments both of the comments
I from Javier that have gone I do not read them to
realize that I upload how much 15
videos a day I do not know I do not read the
comments but not because I do not want to
talk more using a glance
while in bed or looking in the bathroom
I will take a look as I can but
one hundred percent I do not read them  it would be
impossible I imagine that for example
people with Mauro employs them will not
take a look at them and I'm fine
but I don't have thin skin and it doesn't
bother me see it doesn't bother me but it doesn't
bother me that I can't stand it and
the blocks so that they can comment
more I don't let them keep
commenting but it bothers me that they are such
[ __ ] because I really try to
attract an audience that is more
or less critical that more or less
thinks about or that more or less does
n't question things and so on I haven't
always left as
Diego Arrabal said yesterday to whom I send a
huge hug today I have a surprise with you
Arrabal at night okay for Mr.
Heria I will do it from the main channel
I try to explain the complicated things that he
informed me about not in a
legal way the trial of this one with the other I don't
know what I try to explain it in the
most
down to earth way possible so that you understand me
so that everyone knows a little so that
the most so that they manipulate us and
so on no but this type of people yes or
be it both in the sanse or generally
kills and salsa de  dallas always come to me
no and it's like he doesn't criticize him he's so strong
because you're afraid of him because he doesn't
insult him because he's alas and why don't you
say that he's a hypocrite and that he
deserves a strike
for example
dallas you call ghosn a clown and ridiculous
without any foundation javi
silent
gemma and gonza respond to the attack that
javi incited him angry this is
also literally a lie because I
think that we are commenting on
dallas' complete jump with ari with white I think I think I have given my
opinion on all the
points in fact I think we have
related to all the videos except the
last one he wanted to give it because it was already
redundant to everyone and I said I have put it
seems good to me this is not in agreement
here I am not in agreement with playing here it
takes us deep to who is he going to do
is he has gone I
think he gave his opinion on each point okay and
this is literally a lie
of course this is a lie it did not come out if
even in this same video
today I said let's see that I do not
agree at all how dallas treated gol you know
why he considered that knowing not  he was
disrespectful he was commenting on the
same thing we were all commenting on
okay this is literally this is a lie
literally he probably hasn't seen
the video or he's skimmed it and it's
not like really if you wait on
some occasion it will give us the because I
get along with him since to anyone if you
expect that I did what I did on my channel
thank you very much if you expect that I on my
channel start attacking or insulting
anyone
don't waste your time subscribing
really go to another channel like for
example
el extra cos the three pathetic channels
that we saw last year didn't bring him the
focus s that then he would challenge him here to a
debate one in capable of sustaining having
a [ __ ] [ __ ] because he was a super hater and
what they did was born editing the
videos based on nobody blocks them
no me I don't have thin skin I never
block almost anyone not even on twitter
or anything but it's that no longer because I
get along with dallas
colleague a coworker from the
internet okay with whom I have quite
good good vibes we connect on
many things let's see yes that  it's true
with my friends friends friends of friends
guys real life but a person
listens that I have their appreciation and their good
vibes well me that sometimes it goes away
here once he gets heated that
sometimes he's right
sometimes he's not because of course and until there
we will comment but I'm not going to no if you
expect that in this channel a
video will be made to the neck of Dallas the fairy the god
south
but I think that almost no one has been
necked I think I think
that almost no one has been
necked here in this channel I
am always commenting on all the
controversy without disrespecting anyone
and without humiliating anyone now then
a guy like Joan Plana comes to me
calling me an abuser hey well the same thing I
respond to him in a different way
hey a guy comes to me like jealousy
insulting Catalina thank you very much and
enjoying a child in jail an
11 year old child with brain cancer hey
for the same reason with excessive and more necked
but if you are waiting to see this channel
insults or attacks some
of the  people since I think that I am not
going to anyone I am commenting on the sanse or
hey in this I agree in this I do not
agree in addition to the fact that it contradicts
because here last year it said the
opposite
with all the respect in the world and right now I
do two types of opinion salsa I do
not do the one about famous people in Spain the one on
TV not the heart and I do the messiness of
youtubers that I think in the end I
am destined for the salsa of
youtube I will send them to take it up the ass
because when you make content
related to brats and I am not saying it
for any specific youtuber but for
the public okay the chat we always
have to put it in member mode and this
is already a test that we have been doing
the test for a year now okay a year
in the debates it gets you a little heated Javier
Ronald well the truth is that I do not know
what debates you have seen because it is very rare for
me to get heated today in a
debate if you are referring to whether you
come from the year 2019 or 2018 when I was
debating with Dallas with the oats that
aralar potagia a little back if you
see me in any of my debates I'm
super active and super calm because that's
the way to win the debates okay
in fact not even now ter insulted
the second but it
has a little more d
[Music]
of subject with Dallas because things happened happened
and evidently
well I'm not going to be as harsh maybe when it
comes to a criticism with a
person with whom I get along with a
person that I don't get along but if you're
waiting for me to come here and say this is
messy hair like in 2018
Dallas messy hair son of a [ __ ] I'm
going to spend a 30 minute video
because you had a contradiction
because you're crying because Juan doesn't
pick up the phone and you're a hypocrite
because then you Valdés I don't know what
with that tone I'm not going to do it now
but here commenting on the salsero
with more the cool guy or rather a video that
the south guy made giving
his opinion on the Dallas and
Jari controversy okay what was this
maybe it was
[Music]
but here uncle chu sums up the whole
debate with all due respect for
some videos like this that I this
video is exactly like what I would have been like
if I had
[Music]
if I had had an editor height is a
[ __ ] bible of live videos on the
main channel because I didn't have an editor
but it is what there is, I mean, salsa is
not like it was in 2016 2017 2018
beginning of 2018 it's not like that anymore
people want to be informed they are
informed they are
informed a little bit above so the
comments are made flat and well I do
n't agree here but if you're
waiting here for an attack at any
surprise I say it is not even because of
people with whom I get along
and to me it's that you are afraid I feel that I am
also afraid of
fears thank god at 40 years old I
don't have fear of anyone because I think
that there is no one on the internet that
can be like me nothing did not do it to me others
with 40 million subscribers that he
has no one is going to be like me do
you understand me I mean  fear of no one
ajax thank you very much no fear or
insulting me calling me a pet or dog of I don't
know who or anything like that is what I
'm saying right now
all kinds of content and I get along with
almost all the youtubers on the
platform or at least everyone knows me
with everything exchanging a message a
word or whatever because they write to me
because I don't usually try to get along with
anyone or contact anyone and with the
people on TV I get along with almost
everyone they know me contestants from big
brother characters from sálvame I don't know what
and with me whoever wants can get along
some more and some less
the day changes but I don't that didn't support me
and I saw when it came to giving my opinion
no one ever comes to tell me anything I do
n't think I'll do it before I had to
put a annoying rate on the boys here
of only 90 cents for them to
become members I'm
sorry I mean no fear or anything be
fear that no ear pull or anything I mean I
'm 40 years old I can give my opinion whatever
comes out of my dick but obviously I'm
not going to  go looking for bad vibes with the
people who are less company with whom I have
a good cordial relationship well you know the
plan
fear no one
who wants to get on my bad side of the
stocks doesn't understand me Egypt and I because I
want to but what is fear of no one now
well I can go with people ok that's
going to live me when it comes to doing my
job of talking about topics or
whatever for nothing I get along with both
youtubers and people from television as
characters in the magazine with me
desirable that whoever wants to with me
can go whoever wants now whoever
comes to me to demand
explanations about an opinion on
something will ever have it as
simple as leaving me a table
and that will be the solution if they
ever tell me oh don't give your opinion on this there is this
corner of reason no one comes to
tell me that or 29 t I don't say it for
anyone no one has ever come to tell me
anything the day that no one comes to tell me
hey it's that just like that you agree or I won't
answer or I will simply tell them you
can delete me from everything if you want to
understand because I can  to
freely express my opinion and I'm not going to deprive myself of
talking about topics here that would be good but
team for talking to a person that I
don't know in real life I'm going to put
lives when talking about a topic now if you
're looking for
[Music]
dallas insults ghosn a vela he treats her
and denigrates her in his video
javi well go on he went a little too far but it
was bad but not for the sea
so much fuss
simply no dallas' girlfriend came out
to defend him
and nobody has come to tell me anything
good in 40 years almost brought someone
to tell me hey what did someone have an opinion on this today and
that talking would be good there ends the
relationship with whoever it is I've
played jokes on uncle soul and he doesn't agree with him
many times some things no
markito thank you very much to the guy I've known him
since years at the roof I've known him since
17 the 16th we started following well I
had like 7 thousand 8 thousand followers and he
had 40 thousand subscribers
and the sun we have discussed topics yes
summer we had a  I had an argument with my
grandfather once because the issue was that
we fought, but the thing is about agreeing with each other,
not agreeing with each other and
making jokes about each other, whoever tells me
jokes and nicknames and things and don't say that, it's
because they don't cross my mind and I'm going
to the south where he agrees with us,
here
with Jackie. The problem is
that I don't give a damn, in the first place,
the day he comes to complain to me about
who he talked to, who I don't talk to,
that here I agree with him, don't agree with them,
wherever it is because of problems, it
will be as simple as stopping
talking to me and that there are no other options now, well,
attacks until he sees a lack of respect
again,
but he's not going to see it, not even me towards
Dallas, where most people here
ask me to attack, okay
because they're sick and I've done it
a ton of times here, no one
I get along with is going to be attacked, it's
that blue, it's that they shouldn't be
clarifying, in fact, it's not that they
wouldn't even have to clarify
this, like with someone
I get along with, I'm not going to  to attack I'm not
going to attack him that means I'm
going to agree with him on everything he never ever
agrees with the summary everything to no one javi I do
n't think the super chats are playing
here we like being right in everything to absolutely no one
but come on like how am I not going to attack
this agreement enjoy it how am I not going to
attack the south and as a girlfriend she's wet
but it's that nothing is that you're afraid of him it's not that I
'm not going to attack him but it's that you're
not going to see that they take out
an attacking video against me
and it is reported there is going to be a reaction to all
the videos always I'm not going to private
talk about any subject
I'm going to
agree with the pimp here I don't
agree with the surf here sometimes they have
skated surtan heated I don't know what
now from there to what these people put and the
ritz channel that critic or
some pathetic channel like the wing no
him or the frac or that then upload it to
a debate and you ask them why you think
that way and they don't even know why and they don't
even know why we are watching
that you are feeding the beast and
then why  I'm talking about the
Dallas haters because it's
terribly surprising that a month
now a month after
Dallas appears, a video that I didn't see, not for no reason
but because I didn't see it, I don't
consume YouTube, I both watch a
video from the south by the author of the
Dallas can, at least if he knows about some controversial topic,
but because of work, a video came out
for fun on YouTube, I don't find it very strange.
The good thing is that he asks me here at
lunchtime and he's at the desk eating and I
put something on sometimes they don't even upload
exactly,
but it is very surprising to me
that Dallas had a video about climate change,
about climate change,
video, also we are watching it because the
truth is I hadn't seen it, I lived
Elvis, I hadn't seen it in the video for a
second,
okay, sorry family, sorry
whatever it is, what you were being,
upload a video a
month ago,
a video a month ago about
climate change, I have been watching a
video, you can pull from the Amazon, that one that
I liked so much, okay,
a video that really has a lot of
sources, it hasn't produced exteriors, it is
a video with many sources, very
informed, very logical things, okay  a
video about climate change one of
those serious videos informs us
informative and so on no ok well
suddenly the other day I find
a headline in the country
progressive newspaper the country wait obviously it
puts the level of the country look so you can
see what the country is okay
in case someone doesn't know at what levels in
that period they will see
the country the country
and
[Music]
look what I recommend the country
the country
instead of criticizing the price of electricity
are going up and the river is worth it the
country gives you
tips on not paying so much for electricity like
for example extending the use of clothes
to wash less
of louse total lost total weight
well it tells the lies disguised as
youtube dallas this is how
climate change denialism has evolved
okay you
listen to this headline and it says well da la does
not believe in climate change is a
climate change denier
[Music]
I start watching videos now I have a
coffee because I hadn't seen it
[Music]
and they made a thread like eleven do you know
what it
is that they send me everything goddess I don't see
anything but I  they send everything I have three or
four informants who are all the
ten principles sending methods it seems like I have
eyes everywhere the l lb
is to the thread the grooming thread
two or three days ago he shared the
thread again and put them cited them and put today is the
one year anniversary of this thread
and other mistakes so damn really is
that we are on the side of age they are
sick we are sick we are
sick
and then he does not do it he does not do it and the
grooming to others only well the case that I
had this headline and he says with the does not believe
in climate change that royal thank you very much
the denier I see the video I
say for the best you see it I don't know
because he has not seen the video I see the
video and from minute one what he
talks about is that if climate change is
indisputable that it exists
then it was the headline is not worth what he
talks about Dallas during the video what he says
based on his research his
data and weapons with a lot of logic I am not
going to get involved obviously I am not going to debate
if Dallas is more right
in what he comments throughout the
video nor am I going to little if he has it the
country is worth it let's see allow me  that I
tell you the truth here and no, even if I didn't
know him, Dallas, like, I shouldn't
talk to him
based on my experience, I agree with the
logic of Dallas than the logic of the
country
but I'm not going to get into an argument
because I don't like to talk about what I'm not
informed about in the sense I've seen the
video of Dallas I see the logic
I've read the
things that they refute here in the country I
don't know if the data is true or not true I'm
not going to get into
that because
we treat the lady much better I hurt
1,700 users and they've given you less than
600 likes they're everyday thanks to that
act the sauce but I always say it like
if I get it wise in the end
I'm the one destined to calm but
well it also depends on being gossipy on
how you support at the
member level and so on at the moment there are 200
members created 200 200 members but
yes yes your lordship is aiming strong aiming
strong look at a video of the kids
alive the kids but now
what do I tell you look at a video of  22,000
views so you can see the average look
22,000 views a 22,000
view video of the kids has 1200 line
1200 lay here you have the proof more than
1200 online we said 22,000 views
okay let's get tense or
a 22,000 view video sometimes some
look we have one of 24 views of 21
of 21 thousand views
the one
that hurts the kids are very
lazy
in the end
nothing happens there will be topics like these that I am
going to comment on today that the truth is they are
topics that I like to comment on biased
because I like no well nothing
but
when I have limited time that I cannot
dedicate so much time to one thing or
another
obviously as you will understand then
more time will be allocated to what has more support you
understand me it is not to generalize
but the numbers are the numbers I am
not going to tell you the number of
visits and so on because I understand that
this depends on the topic or rather I understand
for example  yes yes I on television to the PSE or
not I talk about the topic
5 there are topics that get 10 thousand
visits and there are topics that get
50,000 so I understand that depending on
the topics that there are each day that I am
now I can control it, I understood it
will have more visits less visits it is already
the average of the and the comments the
members to what I tell you
not to give to me it does not matter that they want
to get used to that custom in that they
do what they want simply that if they
want to leave or if they like a channel
or whatever for you have to support it and more
above all I no longer tell you the subject member
by the subject member I understand that
there will be people who maybe cannot
spend the euro that the members are worth no but
but already in the gratitude
the lay is free and commenting is free
I do thank you very much total what I
saying that I am not going to discuss it
because you already know that I to give my opinion on
the topics of what is well informed
I by past experience
confirms in the logic of Dallas that
the country
allows me to allow myself that
positioning is
worth I do
not know if all  the data that will have been given, the
whole way of interpreting the data
will be correct, if it can be refuted
on something, I don't know, okay, but for now
what is the headline
Dante of something different from what
the video says because it will give what the
video says from minute one, it is
clear that he believes in climate change,
that is undeniable, that it is absurd to debate
what he thinks is unfeasible
is that each person on their own
tries to stop it completely, well, I don't
take the car, I become vegan - it is that
those who have the power to
stop climate change come out, it is from the
top, the big companies, the
politicians, than individual people, the
truth is that on top of that, the vast majority,
screw yourselves,
I am going to stop climate change, that is why
more
great-great-grandchildren are affected by that, whatever name they
look for their life
is basically what he has been saying in
summary with much more data with many
more things but basically he argues the
fact that an individual or a person
individually, that is to say, it would have to
be that absolutely everyone,
absolutely all the people in the
world were aware, but
both individually and governments,
industries and such, but above all
governments  industries and so on, not
basically an opinion he developed
with his logic it strikes me that the
headline strikes me that the
headline wants to make you understand
something different and it strikes me
and it strikes me
that a newspaper starts to deny or
try to deny point by point
a video of Dallas
boys and if you think it's bad yes such if you
have another opinion then create
an article in your [ __ ] shitty newspaper
with your [ __ ] opinion no but a
dedicated article look at this point by point
now yes resided in science
to go point by point
no no no I'm not saying that he can't do it I'm saying
that I find it striking I say that I find it
striking
a video of Dallas from a month ago
when Dallas is the one that archives it in
some complaint so the media comes out
but when they reopen them nowhere comes out
when the complaint is there it comes out but when he
denounces others you don't come out that I don't know is
strange it
's strange allow me that
then
today the 4 came out
and the colors this would not put much
because it belongs to halves but today
4 came out a day also look doggy it is
already an accepted evidence
those who did not believe in the  climate change i'm
going to talk about a cousin of mine when asked
about this matter he said
how can someone say what's going to
happen in the world in 300 years when they
stop him from leaving I didn't hear science either
on my life science the studies you have to
have it for something you
doubted that science could
predict it they have less and
less space
but in exchange another type of
message is making its way in like this youtube dallas
who just published this video for his 10
million followers his
thesis is that there is nothing more to do
to stop climate change you
can do absolutely nothing about
climate change which is the worst part of the
subject most likely no one can
be something totally inevitable that is going to
happen environmentalists had already
detected this trend there is like a
trend not from
god it's not strange
because they don't call it
what the hell way what but [ __ ] but call him
call him on the program and have him there on a
call debating with this one instead of
aggravating it to the one from greenpeace and yarda the one
about taking the video without permission damn serious they
call them both you have them there in
the  two to two on a video call that
can be argued
and also it would be the dick bone would have
been the bomb
says most likely no that it can't be done it's
complicated you have to be realistic it's
complicated
what percentage of people are
aware is complicated okay what's
happening that within the article already
to make matters worse they
mention this twitter
okay mention this third
[Music]
d
of
and where was
this one you can't find other
examples in networks like that of twitter or
such
for this tweet okay
change a truth that nobody takes
and the tweeter says changing your
lifestyle habits to make them more sustainable will not
help to stop the crisis the
climate crisis
okay it
's a tweet that has a date close to
the Dallas video closer to the
present day of the video but well not too
far
the same message that Dallas in the video I
mean you guys you don't interpret
this as the same message that Dallas in
the video or is it me
you don't think that this message is
the same as the one Dallas in the video
it's me I
ask what do you think I
interpret the same not the same not the
same well the man has
scratched I don't know who this twitter is or has it happened to him I
don't know who the truth is this twitterer
but it would save a lot because they have
put it at the level of Dallas
good morning country can you explain to me
why in this article you call me a
climate change denier that
is like that the headline no and you put me at the
level of Dallas
with the boy it
is that the message cavity or I think it
is the same it does not
say that without permission they take the video but
a legitimate use no
Javier the TV is not youtube
but come on nothing happens it is done look at
me they caught me
[Music] it
seems fine to me that it is done with I have
not seen you live for a long time
and I see that you have more gray hair xd thank you
very much for that piece of
giving away the sound of beats
a huge hug I
have here at hand I think it is going to be that there was
not
the other day a magazine that came out the
other day a magazine came out I would not go
back ten minutes weeks to a
gossip magazine that marked
both the cover and the content
based on my chat with Antonio David
literally with the images and told a
magazine they released this
week's cover and what is the link to the content
at the expense of my talk to Antonio, which does
n't seem bad to me as long as you do
n't touch me, don't touch our balls,
at the moment it doesn't affect me
much
and when banks and videos have
called me too, I tell you things as they
are, Telecinco recently left Antonio and
others, it's always worth it. If I showed it in the
magazine,
fair use exists
on YouTube as far as I know, I don't know if
something similar exists on television,
but I know, thank you very much to Eibar. I know
that what I can say is that
35 had a conflict with La Sexta and a
thing there and between them they don't take an image,
the lobe of the others
when
television zapping has always existed, taking images
from a program to illustrate us,
but look at you, well Dallas answers him,
this man doesn't put it
exactly that's what I say because you
are nothing more than a failed hater,
twitter stalker next to me and I am a god,
start praying, you dirty rat
[Laughter]
[Applause]
hater something else but first if
ever the gala presentation
is very emotional because they put it at the
level of Dallas
that they were putting themselves at the
level of a criminal
2017 they
would not have taught me if it had not
been for his ex accusing him of
mistreating her and him sending his troops
against her and Dallas no no contract and
Dallas no Dallas style
Dallas style
or rather he is accusing Dallas of sending
his followers
against
against possible abused girlfriends
under what is to understand
is that I can't stand this kind of
people I don't feel sorry for him he
loses Twist faster than Dallas
loses followers
and look he takes with him
some of
the worst there is on Twitter some of the worst of the
worst there is on Twitter some of the worst there is
on Twitter
well there is already seeing who he takes you with I
swear now my life reappears
with my life Antonio Anglés and he starts
arguing with Dallas and I take
Antonio's side  Anglés who is Antonio
Anglés
a Spanish-Brazilian criminal
triple crime committed in the
Valencian town of Alcàsser is a crime of the
crime of Alcàsser is a criminal and this
guy says that he would give it to him that he would take
his side before Dallas you
see what I'm telling you about the haters of
Dallas I mean imagine that you can
fall bad da la okay I don't like it come on
company is quite repellent hey why is he
not right in his fight with Ibai
okay agreed each one of us can have our opinions
but
this
done I did
n't know anything about it has this part
of the normal live I had prepared
dancing on the red line a
genie comes out of a lamp and tells me that he will
grant me three wishes and I wish three times
that a grand piano falls on Dallas
that's how the puppet falls on me I
would wish death dude from Dallas
and so calmly and this man has 114
thousand followers
okay
tell me something to relax
you have 2018 I also messed with people's
hair
so come on that one was passed it was from 13
to 14 July 2015 date in
which it is raised to 16 so the one who was
of age has a very serious problem eye eye
if the hair density and 100
but
nothing uses his resume a little the
face [ __ ] of milk is a friend of dallas
like joan plana because there is a camel here
of joan plana this
shameless comment now
or rather I went to reggae the requeté cameo
that is here god
juan gómez-jurado juan gómez-jurado is
a writer okay of these progressives
quality is when it has improved I have
pending to make a video I have a
folder and it has things of juan
gómez-jurado yes always always in the end it has been
leaving it has been leaving but
have a director one day okay
juan gómez-jurado is from the little group of
louis en derá of rubén sanchez of those
people okay it is tweeted and the group takes that
okay juan  gomez-jurado gets along with
all of them okay and juan gomez-jurado in
a radio interview I think it's
Cadena Ser with David Broncano or something
like that I think it was I don't I don't remember he
took it and said they told him what is the
most expensive vice you have and he said the children
well we have to clarify the children not my
children I'm not Dallas
and joan plana took it in this tour and he
was defending him because in planas
before biting I know
every little thing that the contrary
association is taking you and you throw your whole
life against you before biting he was
defending the injustices against talar
angel the one who the big plan is the one that makes
double meaning if
strange questions no this
shameless and irresponsible comment I imagine that it
has already reached dallas I wonder
if it is reportable
as well as reportable I don't think it has
weight
but beyond that it has more things more it
has more things the account that I put in
is not the age one twitter suggested a
fake one instead of the real one that I also follow
twitter what a [ __ ] your suggestion  the
good one is here johann planning
behind dallas like a friend and he
asked him for interviews and so on no here you have
the proof here you have the [ __ ] proof
that
a matter in flat no and if instead of
dallas it is a terrorist with an explosive vest
and he says the [ __ ] face in this is a friend of
dallas god creates them and the wind the
righteous
and takes for granted that they are friends when they are not
on the left the
anthropomorphic coprolite of dallas
that gives to the anthropomorphic ships okay
anthropomorphic would be look I'm going to put the
perfect description
anthropomorphic would be buff for example the
anthropo
anthropomorphic would be for example when
one
imagines the sufi
goofy is anthropomorphic
why because being is a dog that
has characterized them as if it were a
person the two legs and other fruits
brute would not be do you understand
Donald Duck is anthropomorphic
then why couldn't Dallas be
because a person is
throwing his [ __ ] on the right
comparative corpo graph of the total calories
consumed per person per day in the USA and in
the Soviet Union big javitxu
churra take care of your health you've been on fire
lately and yes it seems that Planas is
back in the fray this time attacking
HPV again
and I don't know if we'll have time to comment on it
there's only one type of free communist who is
happy and well fed the one who lives in
a country that is not communist in other words
Dallas says
there's only one type of free communist who is
happy and well fed the one who lives in a
country that is not communist completely
right about the
communist world for others not for me in other words
communist and with your money
[Music]
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
man Javi was well with bad looks I've never
spoken to him but I like him
a lot even though we
clash in ideologies but what are
videos that he makes sálvame Miguel free
people and many videos on TV to me
a lot of things happen to me in which we
take care of ourselves you put him we clash but
anyway but I recommend it
in fact it's on YouTube man
is it ironic
or are you serious he's
not serious
when Dallas refers to well
fed he refers to
who has a good bank account
powerful people who are doing well who
are earning a salary who have good
power like four the south and we say
chubby what do we eat
and the guy is trying to refute
a tweet that neither suits him nor comes that he is not going to
put but well like the guy we already
know what foot he limps on and we are going to
see it next you
take it literally with graphs of the
calories
of the Soviet Union
oh yes beret has me blocked blocked
if I will see in the typical twitter account
that defends the mother of Darla's ex mother-in-law okay you
already have the level we are
without a doubt facing the worst person who is going to
wander around this social network
with little
like for you
in these photos two people appear I did not
expect you to be against
abortion
because from time to time she also
makes a short circuit here and the thing I
tell you
in these photos two people appear and I think
the photo is one person for a
pregnant woman expecting a baby I did
not expect him to be against
abortion why do you put this
if I lack context but it is
poorly understood at least without taken out of context
that  you were against abortion and
why would she have to have an abortion would
n't that be a bad joke from Adrian I have no
[ __ ] idea no
and thing and he says tight competition between
Dallas and Carrot
first of all Dallas has no place
here
and Dallas wouldn't say something like that no way
okay and secondly
Carrot is called freedom whatever
comes up because of fascism
Manuel Guerrero thank you very much do you
remember what I told you at the beginning
of this act is direct that it is
getting very long for me do
you remember what I said that
they are up to date with all the moves of the
people who hate
if it is but yes
it is a joke but as a father someone tells me something like that about my pregnant wife and well there it would be a case in which I would throw [ __ ] I would go support the other the carrot of Adrian fascist they will do exactly exactly it is he is in the move
says Dallas that raising taxes
would be a disaster for the economy and we have to
vote back until the
what is true in this
to illustrate my argument look
we will look at a magical country  called usa
in two very different periods of its
history accompany me
well zinemira if you want to have illustrated
I
also with another example okay look at
north korea you are
not going to the images
but well obviously in the solar it is to
have a lot of information
according to the logic of dallas and companies the
economy should go like rocket having
lowered taxes so much this is
this true let's see what the
data says well basically what is going to
defend there is that the more taxes
are paid the more taxes are
paid the better for the economy in fact it
gave the step back from paying taxes
I am withdrawing a couple of tui that I
found
look this is how the
labor cost works the company pays two thousand euros
to any worker okay
social security keeps 501
this is like this if you charge
[Music]
one thousand five hundred euros gross which then in
reality the bank receives one thousand 243 okay
from here in reality your boss from here in
reality your boss is paying 2000 what
happens is that the rest well it is taken to
social security and others no
the worker receives 1,500 euros gross
your  gross payroll is worth
social security stays 256 and in the end it comes to you ready
made, I mean trust it's yours that out of 2000
out of 2000
you take
1,243 and the state
which is almost a third of friends
come on what am I going to tell you they take
half of what I generated okay
but it was almost a third of personal or
pure but the thing is that of these 1,243 that you
keep
the more it suffocates families the
better the economy goes it makes sense to me I see it
totally logical and they go
by the way how the beats are here among the
kids the kids of vis urna
line
of those 1,200 that you keep when you
collect and that we keep when we collect
from everything you spend you pay
taxes be it electricity 50 euros a month 30
euros in taxes
0 euros it was not
incredible the kids the diesel expense
for cars to inaugurate me 46 are taxes
mobile internet and television fifty
euros of which ten are taxes out
of every two hundred euros  we could say
that 176 go to taxes almost half
of these twelve hundred euros that you
keep when you remove the
taxes from those twelve hundred
half worked are taxes it
's incredible you did
n't know to think that on some
occasion
but this man was with the one who has to
pay more taxes man of course
dedicated to the embarrassment of others on the
internet in what you do best and
forget about economic analysis as
deep as a muddy puddle
here he responds to Dallas directly
in your and look
to look he responds to him and the garbage of
a communist who does not live in a
communist country that people who understand me retweet
this graphic and only retweet
because he likes to contradict me
even on more basic points and your other
tweet with another tweet another sad
communist from twitter defending a
murderer
is quoting Dallas the tweet
the tweet that I was telling you before
Dallas since the Cambridge debates
a level like yours has not been seen 1010 is that
is your answer on
March 5th of this year those from Dallas
immortal is the worst idea since the
basilisk overthrew let's see if we can get down to
brass tacks the most toxic fandom is
dallas you you you have no [ __ ] idea about he
has no [ __ ] idea about
youtube or he's not in any other fandom
exactly
if you're in another side we don't even
know if he looks at you eagerness don like the one from
the skies has fans
okay
but on social media he's on the lips
of all the unleashed extremists I don't know
what it's not that dallas fans
stand out for their intelligence or they wouldn't
be a fan of dallas
and me
and this and this so gratuitous because I mean
because they were fans of dallas
but threatening the two year old son
of an expert who is dedicated to
unmasking internet harassers is
a new one
this thing about pablo puig ms dulce m let's
see pablo duche told me to receive it is
made a threat
for something he posted about dallas now read
son of a [ __ ] who has a
face of a [ __ ] that at one point with
her if you mess with dallas again I'll
cut you [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] your
profile says that  you have a two year old kid
look at him dog think about your family
and he will be the big mouth dude well then this
man who is an expert that I have a
cordial relationship with him the little that we have
spoken the little that we have
intended in fact cordial and cordial
the truth is there are many and I
liked yours I don't know what I will put him at the age for them to
put this on him but
evidently Dallas does not support this type
of comments nor is it responsible for nor is it
responsible for what they put third
okay in fact he always asks that they do not
harass people and so on
before
Pablo said that this person had a criminal record
well he says this too
criminal record I imagine that they
open the code and he would be from Spain
somehow they will have found him he would be from Spain
and I love him lying to the fingers you can touch
thumbs up it is free and it does not give
current of those and it is not on the signal he
was pulling the cart
for this to be possible that he has
finished criminal record it must be that
he has shrunk that he is from Spain and that he is of legal
age
well
and well the truth is very  very involved
that caught my attention already no already
to finish this excerpt of very
long marked what
also caught my attention was the people who were
supporting him
on Twitter or because of the fact that by
success they see it they compared Dallas we don't
have people here well retweet
people combat of May
well that
[Music]
the typical not to put the trophy that
da laxe has blocked
me the taba I support him too
me against Federico I
think that here he is retweet because there were
people there were
powerful people he doesn't take away the
challenges that he has done but there were
very very cool people from Podemos and such
and supporting him
anyway it seems that it is
seen that for you he is welcoming to do
n't leave paw take that it seems
good to me but what does not seem good to me each
one that has their ideals each one
defends what they want but what does not
seem good to me is that they compare a
person that you do not like with a
criminal no incredible no but something
seems to you it calls our attention that
this type of things come out in the media
dismantling the video of  a youtube
had more than 100 technicians days
[Music]